this video is brought to you by our
trusted graphics partner Nvidia welcome
to my unboxing and first look at the
Corsair Vengeance M 65 it uses the same
overall shell as the m60 which they
released quite a while ago as one of
their first forays into the peripheral
world so the m60 and the M 90 were
Corsairs first gaming mice and they've
basically taken what was already good
about the existing models and improved
on them in a couple of subtle ways so
well actually the first way they've
improved on really isn't that subtle at
all and it's now available in three
colors as opposed to one so we've
actually got all three of them here
today the one I'll be unboxing is a
military green whereas it's also
available in the traditional black as
well as kind of like a sweet
stormtrooper white and it looks like
what Corsair is going for here is no
matter what Corsair case you have you
can pretty much get yourself a vengeance
m65 to match it Packaging is pretty
straightforward so it's just got a
plastic shell within a cardboard
exterior there you go it's just a molded
shaped thing pull out the mouse and
that's pretty much all it's included in
here so there's a little bit of
documentation that's going to tell you
about your two-year warranty as well as
how to go to Corsair comm and download
the latest drivers which is like yay
don't bother including a disc what's the
point and let's have a look at the mouse
itself so I'm probably gonna get slick
to come and join you here in a minute no
not yet not yet sorry I'm just giving
you prior warning I know usually I say
that and I mean like immediately yeah
okay so we've got a braided cable that
terminates in a USB so there you go it's
labeled so you know it's a mouse you
know it's corsair assuming you can see
both sides of it at the same time nice
high-quality braiding so you can't see
any of the cords through there it's a
boat and it's about an entire Lynas
wingspan in length so that's practically
it's probably a 6 foot cord based on how
how long that is compared to my arms and
let's have a look at the ergonomics if
you haven't already seen an m60 then
this will be new if not considered a
refresher so down here we've got three
adjustable weight zones so you can
customize not only the overall weight of
the mouse but you can actually customize
also the way
distribution of the mouse so I'm going
to run and grab a screwdriver here I'm
just going to go across one of the
cameras with a crotch shot hopefully
they don't switch to that one well we're
in the editing process so inside each of
these ones you can decide okay I want it
more heavy at the back or I want it more
heavy at the front so each of them has a
little weight inside of it that you can
either remove or keep in there all right
we've also got poly tetra fluoro
ethylene I think is what the actual name
for it is but Teflon slippy pads all
over the bottom of the mouse I love
seeing nice big slippy pads I don't
think anyone but me calls them slippy
pads but whatever because they it just
means they're going to be less likely to
wear out over time it doesn't actually
affect how slippery the mouse is on your
mousing surface it just affects how long
it takes for them to wear out so there's
actually five of those on the bottom as
well as check this out so there's a
solid aluminum house in embody two the
mouse that makes it extremely rigid in
the hand and actually also contributes a
little bit of weight to it as well
another big improvement they've made
over the m60 is that the laser has been
replaced with an Avago a DNS 9800 sensor
so that's capable of up to 8200 dpi
which let's face it guys is only really
going to be useful for you if you're
running like a surround monitor setup or
very high resolution monitor because
other than that you're probably going to
turn that sensor down and yeah you
probably won't use it to it to its full
potential but it does have other cool
features as well so you can adjust
things like your lift distance you can
adjust angle snapping you can do surface
testing with it it actually can can
adapt to different surfaces quite easily
so I mean yeah there's still advantages
to having a high-end laser it's not
necessarily all about dpi it just
happens that a high-end laser tends to
have high DPI because people want more
better numbers and all that good stuff
so now let's get into the actual
ergonomics of it it is pretty much an
optimal shape for someone with smaller
to mid-size hands to palm grip however I
think someone with larger hands who I'm
going to have just kind of leaned over
here and there you go thanks slick we'd
probably be more comfortable with a claw
grip on a mouse like this
whereas a palm grip is going to be a bit
of a challenge for him because he's got
baseball mid sized ham so this gives you
some perspective of everything from
petit hands to large ones you've got
back and forward buttons in there I
would consider optimal locations a
little bit offset from where your thumb
would normally actually rest on this lip
right here but still within easy
reaching distance and you're not going
to lose control of the mouse or be
unable to lift it if you want to
activate those buttons if anything if I
had to complain about something with
respect to the positioning of the
buttons here its with my small hands if
I'm not claw gripping I might have a
little bit of trouble reaching the aim
button here which is a dpi changer so if
you're zooming in to snipe or whatever
else you want to adjust your DPI on the
fly you just press that button and
you're ready to go so moving up to the
top of the mouse we've got our dpi
adjustment buttons as well as indicator
LEDs and a solid metal scroll wheel that
actually feels quite nice it has a fair
bit of heft to it so the Corsairs also
updated their software they've got a
second generation control panel that
they've added now the early software for
the m60 and the m9 D was not very strong
but it's actually improved a lot over
the last little while so if you have an
m60 or an m9 t that you've shelved it
might be time to bring it back out and
give it another crack because the
overall build quality of the mouse is
solid and as long as the software is up
to snuff then it does give a very good
gaming experience so thank you for
checking out my unboxing on first look
at the Vengeance m65 from Corsair don't
forget to subscribe for more videos like
this from blindness tech tips that was
the wrong outro it's okay
yeh subscribe thanks for watching this
video was edited on a workstation
powered by kingston memory